---
layout: post
title: Listening to Joe & Dave
---

The announcing gig on the side has turned out to be a lot of fun so far. I thought it would be, but one of the things I do not miss from my old job is the travel. Travel got me tonight. At the moment I'm on a plane flying back to Boston from Minneapolis. No TVs which means no watching game three of the World Series. At least we have internet so I can listen to Joe and Dave and checkout out Gameday while I write a blog post. So far it doesn't sound like Clay Buchholz has much to work with tonight. Of course I've missed a lot of games I've wanted to watch over the years. Tonight reminds me of 2004. That year I missed most of game two while also flying home with the BC Hockey team. Sox won that one, let's hope it goes as well tonight. 

The weekend in Minnesota was a fun one. Although today's result left a little to be desired - BC lost 6-1. Friday's game however, was electrifying. Very entertaining and a unusually good for so early in the season. Minnesota is ranked number one and I can see why. They're very good and their skill fits in very well with the Olympic size sheet they skate on. The Gophers were able to do something almost no other team can - match the speed of the Eagles.

Marriucci arena is one of my favorite places to call a college hockey game. Great sight lines and great fans. I've been fortunate to have been there for quite a few good ones over the years. My favorite trip was in 2000 for the NCAA regionals. If memory serves BC beat Michigan State late Friday night with a power play goal in overtime. The next day BC upset a very good Wisconsin team. Brooks Orpik played a great game as he helped shut down Dany Heatley and the Badgers. 

As much fun as the four day trip with the team was, I am looking forward to getting back to work tomorrow. I figured with all the travel there would be plenty of down time which would mean plenty of time to get some work done. I did get some done, but it wasn't nearly as easy as I had hoped. I decided to take the plunge and picked up one of the new MacBook Pros before I left on Wednesday night. So far I love it, but I spent the first part of the trip getting the machine set up. I had been using a MacBook Air which I also liked, but it was supposed to be for my wife. I told her back in early July that the computer was for her. I just needed to borrow it until I got settled in a new job, but that she would probably have it for back to school. She's been back at school for two months. She may have been getting a bit impatient, but I'm glad I waited for the updated Pro. 

We're starting our descent. That means no more internet shortly. Hopefully I won't miss too much, better yet maybe the Sox will actually have the lead by the time we're on the ground. 
